Laura content apr21 (#328)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/basic-setup.md

* Download the appropriate version of Sauce Connect Proxy for your operating system, if you haven't yet. For more information, see [Downloading Sauce Connect Proxy](/secure-connections/sauce-connect/installation).
* Understand what kinds of tests you're running:
  * If you're using virtual machines or devices, see the instructions below.
  * If you're testing real devices, see [Setting Up for Real Device Cloud](/secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/specialized-environments).
* Know your account details including:
  * The url of the datacenter you need to use. For more information, see [Data Center Endpoints](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/display/DOCS/Data+Center+Endpoints).
  * Your Sauce Labs username and access key, which you can find in Sauce Labs under **Account > User settings**.

:::note
Sauce Labs recommends setting all of the values above as environment variables to protect your username and api key from exposure, and also for future convenience.
:::

## Validating Your Basic Setup
Once you've downloaded Sauce Connect Proxy, you can validate that it works on your network by completing the following steps:

> 1. Launch a tunnel with the following flags, per the [Sauce Connect Proxy Command Line Reference](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/display/DOCS/Sauce+Connect+Proxy+Command-Line+Quick+Reference+Guide):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch a tunnel with the following flags, per the [Sauce Connect Proxy Command Line Reference](/dev/cli/sauce-connect-proxy):
```

:::

## Using Tunnel Identifiers
When launching a Sauce Connect Proxy tunnel for automated web and mobile app tests, you have two options:
* Launch a Sauce Connect tunnel as-is, without identifying it. That default, unnamed tunnel will automatically be used for all automated tests. This can be useful for small organizations with a limited number of tests.
* Assign a name known as a tunnel identifier. To accomplish this, you'll need to launch a tunnel with the `-i (--tunnel-identifier)` command to assign the tunnel identifier(s) when starting up Sauce Connect Proxy. Then, you'll need to use the `tunnelIdentifier` option in the desired capabilities of your automated tests (see [Sauce Connect Proxy Tunnel Settings](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/display/DOCS/Test+Configuration+Options#TestConfigurationOptions-IdentifiedTunnels) for more information). This will trigger your tests to request a specific tunnel to run your tests through that tunnel.

### Example: Automated Test with Sauce Connect Proxy Tunnel Identifiers
Below is an example of how to designate tunnels based on the `tunnelIdentifier` option so that it works properly with an automated test.

> Launch a new tunnel on the `SC_HOST` with the following flags, per the [Sauce Connect Proxy Command Line Reference](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/display/DOCS/Sauce+Connect+Proxy+Command-Line+Quick+Reference+Guide):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch a new tunnel on the `SC_HOST` with the following flags, per the [Sauce Connect Proxy Command Line Reference](/dev/cli/sauce-connect-proxy):
```
